{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. Pupkin\
\
Him an I mesh incredibly well, it\'92s actually a little startling. He and I agree on essentially all topics; the only thing that I would say holds me back from saying everything is the fact that we have only known each other for only a couple months and I really can\'92t make such a judgement. We share the same philosophies on life to a startling level of detail. He and I think very much alike and have had wonderful conversations discussing various topics. I\'92d like to be his Big because, not only do I think I\'92d be the best in guiding and mentoring him in this fraternity due to our sympathetic and harmonic natures, but also because I think he would find my advice and views most helpful in making decisions that will make him happy as a person and a fraternity brother. I really think that, when it comes to a Big/Little relationship, he and I fit incredibly well together. I want to help guide him to becoming the kind of person and brother he wants to be. \
\
I also think that he is a very independent person, just like I am, in the sense that we have our own paths we want to follow and don\'92t exactly want to be molded. I\'92m the kind of person who loves to help people as much as they ask, though I\'92m not interested in carving out the fraternal future of my little. I want to be there for council every step that he needs it, and I think that is what will be most beneficial to him and will make me most effective as a Big.\
\
Apart from that, he and I share the same sense of humor, favorite music (which is also crazy), activities and relaxivities (just made up that word), party vibes, and tons of other things that makes me love to chill with him. He is definitely a pledge that I want to grow close to and have a relationship that will last for years after college, if not until the end (I know, so sentimental *add tear drop here) of our days. \
\
I would really like him to be my little and I think I\'92d be the best big for him. We can sit down and talk about it if you want, this means quite a bit to me.\
\
2. Reichman\
\
My second is Reichman. He\'92s really chill and nice and open to talk, which is something I really want out of any little. He seems like someone that I think I would be a good big for. I know that he and I can talk comfortably and that will be conducive to a good relationship. I want to be close to my little, and I think I can trust him like he can trust me.(obviously because I\'92m Borja).\
\
3. Mullen/Devin\
\
They are both really nice and I\'92d like them equally. Sam is coo and he\'92s an AME and Devin is someone that I\'92ve found to easily talk to. I\'92m not sure if I\'92m the right fit for either of them though, so if you think someone else will be a better fit, you should probably go with them and not myself.\
\
\'97\'97\'97\
\
Here\'92s the thing, I really want Pupkin as my little. I don\'92t know if someone like him will come around in another pledge class, especially who is close in age with me. Like I said before, let me sit down an talk to you if you\'92d rather give him to someone else.\
\
\
\
}