{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Frat,\
\
I missed some stuff a long time ago. I wasn\'92t there to support us. Now, I write letter in hopes that you are ok with me having missed that stuff. I will try to not miss more stuff in the future. I understand that missing stuff is bad. This includes, but is not limited to, the stacked civics and philanthropy events at the end of last fall semester and the Walk a Mile and Teal Talk.\
\
Twinkies\
\
P.S. Every time I help out, like take a sober duty off someone, or increase presence at non-mandatory events like Consent is so Frat (which btw was hilarious because I spun their message on themselves), or help Jack prepare snakes, or making sure all the pasted out drunks aren\'92t dead, or just overall being an unofficial boss, I\'92m gonna ask for written evidence of being boss. I don\'92t think anyone can say that I\'92m not around, unhelpful, a burden, and not fulfilling my brotherly duties. My schedule is hectic, so I try to be around when I can, so being able to sight these moments may be helpful in the long run when I will inevitably miss an event or two.\
\
As many of you know, I go by a code that upholds our most critical of traditions; loyalty and trust above all. These values are the fibre of our purpose and continuity, so how I tend to evaluate the importance of our duties can differ from what is considered official.\
\
We are, though, an organization with responsibilities to our campus and superiors, so not helping fulfill these responsibilities is damaging to ourselves at a fundamental and existential level. I know this, but many times it is hard for me to see it and act upon it.\
\
I will try to respect our decisions, but understand if I fight them. I try to make our fraternity a place of safety and comfort instead of worry and stress. These things tend to clash at times, so help me help you. Then, I think we can reap the benefits of everything we have to offer each other.}