{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh19580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 For the good and welfare of AEPi Rho Nu\
\
I constantly find myself unhappy. Most of the time, I think it\'92s because I\'92m not actually doing anything that I think will actually make me happy. And that, in and of itself, is a huge factor that leads too my own happiness. And I\'92m sure I\'92m not alone in that.\
\
The thing is, I don\'92t understand it myself. It\'92s like a form of procrastination. I want to go ahead and do things that make me happy, but I decide to just not. Like it\'92s hopeless or there is no point. I think maybe a better word for that unhappiness and procrastination is depression.\
\
Now, I\'92ve found techniques to try and combat that mindset and feeling. One of them is trying too remember and reflect on feelings of success that I\'92ve felt doing the things that I think I should be doing, kind of like meditation. And even that sounds like I\'92m trying to force myself too do things that I don\'92t want too do. I know that\'92s wrong though, because as soon as I do get myself going, I feel good. And I remember.\
\
I think that this has and is happening to most of us. I think that\'92s what\'92s happened with our feelings toward AEPi as a whole. The last couple years have been a huge issue. There has been constant clashing between conflicts of interest, people trying to get other people do things that neither party want to do. And it\'92s left us exhausted. It\'92s left us completely disenchanted with the things that we thought were special about us. And you know what? I can\'92t blame anyone for having these feelings. I feel like people have just given up and \'93agreed to disagree\'94.\
\
I\'92m sad about this. I\'92m actually almost heart broken. When I started to pledge this fraternity, I told myself that I wouldn\'92t give up on this. That these guys told me to trust them and I will be shown what it really means to be a brother. And throughout, I remember thinking, \'93I hope most of this disrespect and disregard is bullshit. That it\'92s just about me being a pledge.\'94 And I was so disgustingly wrong. I would always think to myself, \'93wow, I already have a better idea of brotherhood that most of these guys.\'94  And unfortunately, I did. The kind of respect I got my first semester here was otrocious. It\'92s very hard to explain, but I think a decent analogy really goes with shneeds and shnods. Shneeds like to get what they want, and it didn\'92t matter who was in the way. And it only got worse the second semester.\
\
Yesterday, I was going to say something about brotherhood that I then realized didn\'92t hold here much anymore. Hilariously, it\'92s a lesson we\'92ve all been taught and thrown aside to be left with the rest of our memories of pledging. Brotherhood is about never giving up on each other. Never. Any I\'92m not sure how many people here agree with me, but that is the fundamental basis behind a group like this for exact problem that I see us having. We have started to give up on each other. And we are slowly falling apart because of it.\
\
I hope that everyone here realize the consequences of not doing your \'93brotherly duty\'94. Because I think that some people don\'92t actually see the reality. The hard truth is that NOTHING will happen. No one is depending on us except ourselves. National? We can give them the middle finger and walk away. Open parties and mixers? Ok well I know plenty of enough people who will pitch in $5 between 50 people and throw a rager that would melt your face off. Girls? None of us habitually hook up with girls, that\'92ll stay the same. The only thing that will happen is that they you might not get that extra resum\'e9 sprinkle by some Jew who happens to be hiring you. And in the event that happens, you might as well say you were and are a part of AEPi because you know ritual. So really, all that happens is that we disappear and we all go on our marry way. If we give up on this, we lose all the infrastructure, the positions, the duties, everything that lets us even call ourselves an organization. And to top it all off, we each stand to save $600 a semester. Sounds pretty good right?\
\
I\'92ve been saying this since the first week of my sophomore year, yet no one really listened to me because I\'92m Borja. I used to say that \'93The standardization of our brotherhood is tearing us apart\'94. And it did. Because it was forcing people to do things that we really didn\'92t want to do. And now, we don\'92t want to do any of it, because we only have memories of it bringing strife.\
\
So what to do. I basically look around right now at a group of people who don\'92t want to be here. So we need to make a big change. It cannot just be a change in mindset. It needs to be a serious change that will make us want to be here. We need to get our brotherhood back. We need to remember why we are here. We need to remember why we want to be here. And, in the event that we can\'92t we find a reason, we can even make a reason up. Because that\'92s brotherhood. We are here for our own sake, and that\'92s it. Whatever the ideas of change are, small things, superficial things, fundamental things, drug things, anything, they are important; because they are our things. And that\'92s the only thing that matters. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 I know that we are already a fantastic group of friends, and I do love all of you, but we need our brotherhood back.}