{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16100\viewh19580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs32 \cf2 Brothers,\
\
	This is the group that I have been interested in joining since the second day of orientation. I\'92m not a part of any other organization; virtually all my free time is spent with the fraternity. My time at college has been greatly defined by the leadership throughout my time here. I\'92ve seen what people dislike and like, and I\'92ve seen what works and what doesn\'92t. I want to help define the future of this fraternity in a way that we would be proud of it and that we would be proud share with new members.\
	One of the problems that I see right now is our lack of communication. I don\'92t mean to say that all necessary information is not shared, but I can definitely say that all wanted information is not always shared. I feel this, and I\'92ve heard this countless times from other brothers in different forms and severity. This can range from \'93Oh we were supposed to stay for the whole thing?\'94 to \'93I had no idea that was even a thing.\'94. I think the greatest issue this stems from is our weekly Chapter meetings. They are shorter than they used to be, but people still get bored and fidgety. As a college student who goes there mostly because it\'92s mandatory (excluding G&W), interest tends to fade quickly, lengthy reports are fazed out, and details fall through the cracks,  As master, I would run Chapter differently so that it can be more effective and efficient. \
	As a solution to this, I want to instate a note-taking system for the committees so that people who weren\'92t there can get full reports. I would like for there to be minutes for the committees that have all necessary information available at hand for everyone. These minutes would then be complied and added to the chapter minutes, or in a separate form. This would help communication because then Chapter would become a meeting where the reports become quick acknowledgments of what is important to remember AND any specific remarks that the chair would like to mention about their dealings. \
	I would also like to decrease the amounts of points made. They also cause people to loose interest in the topic because people feel like those questions and remarks made don\'92t really apply to them. If possible, I would like these committee notes to address questions asked and include information that would most likely be asked. If a point is made, I would wait until the report is over, acknowledge the point, and would HOPE that the response of the chair would be, \'93It\'92s in my committee report\'94. This would help communication because it keeps things simple. Anything that is important would then be either in the committee report, OR if the point needs to be more extensively addressed, people will listen. I want to eliminate the need to clarify and promote exchange of ideas. Then, we can get to New Business and deal with anything we would like to discuss while everyone is still attentive. I hope the result of this is a short, effective, informative chapter meeting; letting us get to the juicy goodness of G&W.\
	This is not the first time I\'92ve been a leader and I do have E-Board experience as the Project Manager in the IEEE. I would be honored and humbled to be Master of this fraternity and would be very excited to be able to make this fraternity as best as we can make it.\
\
Borja Rojo\cf0 \
\
P.S.\
Some thoughts,\
\
\cf2 	Some of the biggest tensions I\'92ve seen in this fraternity right now has to do with disagreements in our priorities. To clarify, they are deeper issues than just the week-to-week decisions on what events we\'92ve planned or what sororities we\'92ve decided to mix with. The issues stem from fundamental conflicts of interest and this has caused us to become fractured.\
	The biggest tension I\'92ve seen has to do with our rules. Be it our Constitution or the Standards policy, many people disagree with how we run ourselves.  Some might call this \'93fun vs not-fun\'94. Others might call is \'93order vs chaos\'94. The way I see it, \'93both\'94 are necessary. We did a lot of talking about how we could improve doing what we don\'92t want to do, but must, and the conclusion was that we should do it because we should want to do it. I think that\'92s a little backwards, because wanting to do what you must isn\'92t always the case. I want to offer a better solution. \
	I think that we have lost touch with our roots, rules, order, etc.. Many people feel like we should go back to them, others want to completely abolish them. I think neither is right. We need to rewrite ourselves. There have always been changes made, some greater than others, to our internal structure. I would like to see a flexible, dynamic system. It would take some time to come up with, and it doesn\'92t only have to be me, but I am very interested in implementing an adaptive solution. Let\'92s face it; we are an eclectic group of people with many different schedules and interests. It\'92s doesn\'92t make sense that rigid rules will work out for everyone, so I want to help usher in a system that can.\cf0 \
}