{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Borja Rojo\
brojo@u.rochester.edu\
\
Partner: Daniel Saltz\
\
Contents in src: DoubleNode.java, DoublyLinkedList.java, MyDoublyLinkedList.java, MainTest.java\
\
DoubleNode.java holds a data piece and two DoubleNode to point to the next and previous item in a doubly linked list. DoublyLinkedList.java holds the interface for a doubly linked list. MyDoublyLinkedList.java holds my own implantation of the DoublyLinkedList interface for a doubly linked list. MainTest.java holds all the test code for the various methods in MyDoublyLinkedList.java.\
\
DoubleNode.java has a generic data element of type T, a DoubleNode<T>  next that points to the next node in a doubly linked list, and a DoubleNode<T> pre that points the previous node in a doubly linked list.\
\
DoublyLinkedList.java is the interface used in MyDoublyLinkedList.java. It constructs two empty DoubleNode and points them to each other as the start and end of the list. It has an insert() method that inserts a data point at the beginning of the list. It runs in constant time O(1). MyDoublyLinkedList.java also holds an isEmpty() method returns true is the start and end nodes point to each other.\
\
The printList() and printListRev() do as implied. Do to the insertion at the beginning of the list, the list will print what has been lastly inserted first in the forward printing, and reversely in the other. \
\
The lookup() returns true if the item is found in the list, and false otherwise. my insert() and delete() both use lookup() to to evaluate doing anything. Check the code for details.\
\
delete() traverses the list and stops at the node to be deleted, and assigns it\'92s pre.next to it\'92s own next, and it\'92s next.prev to it\'92s own pre, effectively bypassing itself.\
\
Everything works the way it should, check the code for details.\
\
}